[Music]
welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the me onyx and sis the re 20 this is a
high-performance aluminum mousepad if
you guys have ever seen my desk at work
I'm actually still using a steel series
SX which is a discontinued model I love
aluminum mouse pads and around the time
they discontinued it I asked well can I
like get an a couple more just in case
you know this one eventually wears out
which it has now so I'm very excited to
check out this one so here here we go a
star has been born okay never mind that
model overview forged one millimeter
aluminum alloy four strong but
lightweight construction the surface and
been treated with a very low data loss
treatment which gives a matte black
below I've never seen a matte black glow
before but we're gonna have to take that
off and sort of experience from that
black glow for ourselves okay with a one
millimeter natural rubber on your side
it has a non-slip grip while maintaining
a very low overall profile at two
millimeters that is very low-profile
compared to the one that I have now it's
designed with our surface quality
analyzer tool and its superior tracking
minimal data loss it is a 10 out of 10
very good suitable for optical and laser
myself I probably wouldn't use it with a
ball mouse ultra-low data loss okay they
said that a lot of times effortless
glide super low friction allows you to
glide fast so this is not for people who
prefer a little bit more friction on
their mousepad but more for people who
prefer a faster mousepad so it probably
is a little bit smoother than the sx the
XS X had some had some traction to it
non-slip grip low profile okay so this
is a little very repetitive so let's go
ahead and put this put this away and
let's have a look at the mousepad itself
so I don't think we've actually gotten
yeah no there's two plastic layers on
this because see this this looked
horrible I was gonna say wow this
mousepad looks awful it's terrible look
at the finish on this thing it's awful
and on the bottom there's your rubber he
makes it now go anywhere
now let's experience the actual mousepad
surface there we go
I don't know that it glows but it feels
pretty nice actually it's got a good
yeah yep I'm a mouse whoo it's not loud
like most aluminum mouse pads if you
guys have ever used an aluminum or a
glass mouse pad in the past like here
get right close so they can hear like it
doesn't have any noise to it it glides
really really nicely I kind of like this
they compare that to the table yeah it
really has like some glide enos to it I
was one there's one one blemish there
that's not too bad overall
well actually looks very good I mean
it's a mouse pad so I don't know what
else you guys want me to say if you're
using a me onyx mouse are really
basically any Mouse I do like aluminum
mouse pads it's not for everyone however
one of the major complaints I've had
about aluminum mouse pads the loudness
it's like kind of an abrasive noisy kind
of thing going on seems to have been
completely resolved with the NSS 320
don't forget to subscribe to Linus tech
tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos and I hope you
enjoyed this one